[Music]
life is also about to change for the
cool foo clan before think he leads the
group out to forage there's a problem to
be dealt with her family are on edge
even partner Ningaloo stays out of the
way
pregnant clinky is on the warpath think
he spots her daughter mrs. McGee she has
decided that her days in the group are
numbered mrs. McGee is about to be
punished she tries to protect herself by
being submissive to her mother
it's not going to help
Twinkie bites her viciously mrs. McGee
is not wanted
Twinkie is merciless two more daughters
get the same treatment
Tinky is vanishing into exile any
daughters who are or could become
pregnant but then she spots something BB
the weakest of these daughters is trying
not to be noticed she almost gets away
with it
clinky wants to make sure the group
raises just one set of offspring her own
they're all fighting for limited
resources any competition would put
Twinkies pups under threat she won't let
that happen
pinky has driven four of her daughters
out of the family they watchful only
from a safe distance life for them in
exile is going to be tough
however brutal this seems pinkie is
prepared to go much further to protect
her unborn pups if she needs to